Added Deploy to Azure button to Azure Arc-enabled servers scenarios (#1248)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/azure/azure_arm_template_linux/_index.md

      az provider show --namespace 'Microsoft.HybridConnectivity'
      ```

## Deployment Options and Automation Flow

This Jumpstart scenario provides multiple paths for deploying and configuring resources. Deployment options include:

- Azure portal
- ARM template via Azure CLI

For you to get familiar with the automation and deployment flow, below is an explanation.

> 1. User is providing the ARM template parameters values, either via the portal or editing the parameters file (1st-time edit). These parameters values are being used throughout the deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. User provides the ARM template parameter values, either via the portal or editing the parameters file. These parameter values are used throughout the deployment.
```
